Now, let us see her.
See, this is a structure for her recursion, if there is a function that is calling itself so, it's
a recursive function that the false statement inside the function as a recursive call, it is calling
itself here.
Then what?
All the processing it has to do with is doing it afterwards after the recursive call.
So there is no statement, no operation before the function call.
See if there is something here, then it is not a hard recursion.
Right.
If something is there before the function, call just it is a recursion.
We don't have to give any special name for that one.
So there is nothing before that one.
Then we can see this is a header recursion.
So what do you mean by Haddrick?
It means the function doesn't have to process or perform any operation at the time of calling.
It has to do everything only at the time of returning.
So all the processing is done at returning time.
Then such functions are had recursion.
So the example of this type of recursion already we have seen in the previous video, this is what the
simple example.
So you can see that the function is first calling itself, then the second statement.
It is printing.
So the painting will be done at returning time so the function doesn't do anything at the calling time.
So such recursion had recursion.
Next, we will compare her recursion versus loop.
Can we convert them into loop?
Let us discuss this.
I will try to write the same function using loop, so let me write here wide function file not instead
of conditional statement.
I have to write a loop that I will you have shown you so if any greater than zero.
No here.
First it has to make a recursive call, then it is printing.
So if you remember the output of this one, the output of dysfunction was one, two, three as it is
going to print at any time.
So if you remember Don said in the previous video, what else you can check back the result of this
type of function as one, two, three, because it is spending entertaining time now as it is, I have
tried to write the function with the loop.
Now I want the output to be one, two, three, four.
If I use the printer here, print deaf person daily and then if I am passing function fun with the volume
three, then foster value often will be three.
So three is greater than zero.
Yes.
So it will print what three.
It will not print one first value that will print it will be three.
It is not one.
Then if I have to repeat them just like this one in stock that if I write and the minus minus then that
doesn't work same as that one.
So you cannot easily convert that.
So you have to write it in some other way to get the same output.
But as it is looking at the function, if you try to convert, it's not easy.
We can write some function which spends one, two, three using loop, but looking at this function
we cannot directly created.
So it means I have to write it in a different way.
So let me write it.
Suppose I have to take some variable, i.e. and that is value one then I should say I is less than equal
to N then here I should say I plus plus and I should make this a plus plus after print F so let us try
to run and see this one.
If we pass the value as a three that is and is a three.
So I use one, one is less than three.
So it will print I that is one.
So output is one then it becomes two.
So two, two is less than three.
So it will print two.
So it is to the nine plus, plus I becomes a three.
So three is less than equal to three.
So I use three.
So it will print the three then C++ I becomes four.
Four is not less than equal to three, so it will not enter in and it will finish the loop and it will
come out.
So the output is one, two, three.
So that set, you can see that that function cannot be as it is converted.
So precautions or if a recursive function has to do something at return in time, it cannot be easily
converted in the form of a loop, but it can be converted.
It doesn't look as ities.
So that's all about ID.
And the next video, we will see three recursions.